Release notes for bugfixes 1924 and 1921 (#1930)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.1.0.md

- Fix behaviour of in-cluster connectivity when using JWT handler in APIRule. Now, in-cluster connectivity is blocked. [#1823](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1823)
- Fix the `extAuth` handler not being scoped to a particular host. [#1901](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1901)

> - Fix the convertible APIRule not being reconciled [#1924](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1924)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix reconciliation of convertible APIRules [#1924](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1924)
```

> - Fix the original-version annotation not being set when it already exists and APIRule is converted to v2 [#1921](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1921)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When converting APIRule to version `v2`, the `original-version `annotation is not set if it's already present in the APIRule [#1921](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1921)
```
